Stack Overflow
Log In
Sign Up
current community

            Stack Overflow
        
help
chat

            Meta Stack Overflow
        

your communities            
Sign up or log in to customize your list.
                
more stack exchange communities
company blog

                            Tour
                            
                                Start here for a quick overview of the site
                            

                        Help Center
                        
                            Detailed answers to any questions you might have
                        

                                Meta
                                
                                    Discuss the workings and policies of this site
                                

                                About Us
                                
                                    Learn more about Stack Overflow the company
                                

                                Business
                                
                                    Learn more about hiring developers or posting ads with us
                                

                    By using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and understand our Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service.
                

        StackExchange.ready(function () { StackExchange.topbar.init({ observeSize: true }); });
        StackExchange.scrollPadding.setPaddingTop(50, 10);     
 

Home        
Public
 Stack Overflow

Tags        

Users        

Jobs        

                                            Teams
                                        
Create Team
Q&A for work. A dedicated place to share your team’s knowledge.

    StackExchange.ready(function () {
        StackExchange.Notice.tooltipInit();
    });
Help Center > Answering
Why are answers no longer being accepted from my account?
Stack Exchange has automatic filters in place to ban answers from accounts that have posted numerous low-quality answers in the past. These filters help keep the quality of our sites high. 
Users who are banned from answering see the following error message when trying to post a new answer:
We are no longer accepting answers from this account. See the Help Center to learn more.
Answer bans do not affect other privileges, such as commenting or voting, and there is no indication to the rest of the community that a particular user has been banned from posting.
How can I get out of an answer ban?
The ban will be lifted automatically by the system when it determines that your positive contributions outweigh those answers which were poorly received. 
Stack Exchange cannot lift answer bans by request.
The only way to end a posting block is to positively contribute to the site; automatic bans never expire or "time out". Begin by fixing your existing answers; do not just post the same answer again or delete all of your existing answers. All answers are expected to be useful to future visitors, in addition to the original asker, so keep the following tips in mind when improving your answers:
Answer the question. Do not post an answer simply to say "thanks" or "I'm having this problem, too"
Do not post follow-up questions as answers. Ask a new question instead.
Use correct spelling, punctuation, and grammar to the best of your ability.
Provide context for links. Link-only answers are not good answers.
For additional guidance, see "How do I write a good answer?"